== README

PROBLEM STATEMENT:

Given train schedules,a pair of stations,journey dates and journey type find all possible trains between the station if no direct train present
find train using one intermediate station.
========================================================================================================================
Solution Design

I have modeled trains, stations, train_station and train_path as the domain objects.
Train (Name,Number, Start Station,End Station)
Train has one start station and one end station.
Station (:name, :code)
TrainStation (:station_id,:train_id,:arrival_time,:departure_time,:station_number,:running_days)
TrainPath(:to_station_id,:from_station_id,:duration,running_days)

TrainPath stores all possible combinations of stations covered by a train,calculated using a rake task which can be scheduled to run on given
intervals on can be run whenever train_stations are updated.

Trains and stations have many_to_many relationship through train_station
========================================================================================================================
LOGIC:
One Way: Search trains in train_path starting and ending with given stations and filter all the trains which run on the given day.
If no direct train is found find stations reachable from given start station using train_path and stations from which end station can be reached,
Intersection of both the values will give us all possible intermediate stations
Find trains to intermediate station and trains from intemediate station.

RoundTrip: RoundTrip is a combination of two one way trip with start and end station swapped with return date greater than start date.

MultiPart Trip: Multipart trip is a combination of two one way trip (start -> via and via -> end).
========================================================================================================================
Path to relevant files.

trip-planner/lib/tasks/populate_train_path.rake

trip-planner/lib/trip/planner.rb

trip-planner/app/models/train_station.rb
trip-planner/app/models/train_path.rb
trip-planner/app/models/station.rb
trip-planner/app/models/train.rb

trip-planner/app/controllers/planner_controller.rb





